Really? You're wrong.
My relationship with Sun Jihai is not what you think
I'm afraid to do it
Sun Jihai is not worthy
It's hilarious
My brother, Governor Hongcheng
Cover the sky with one hand in the whole Hongcheng
Even the four family heads
How many people saw him had to nod and bow
And you say he doesn't deserve it?
Don't take a piss and reflect on your own virtues
This is the Silver Phoenix Tower
The most luxurious hotel in the entire Red City
If my brother hadn't given you an invitation
What right do you have to stand here and talk to me?
You set up a street stall on the street for a month
Can't buy a glass of red wine in my hand
I find your wine dirty
you
General Ye
The Governor of Qianling Hongcheng held a banquet here
The people who are here today are all celebrities from all walks of life
You can squeeze it with your fingers
If you lose it, get out of here
Don't disturb General Ye, take charge of Maple Leaf
You talk too much nonsense.
I'm not leaving, what can you do with me?
I'd like to see whose fingers pinch me to death today
What a big dog gall
Dare to abuse my daughter
It's you who can stop the dog
This is the Silver Phoenix Tower
I can't let you go wild
Tell me where the Qinghe is